Getting and Cleaning Data Course Project
=====================================
Working soruce files
=====================================

Source files can be accessed in the following directory next line. (I am not able to load the text and csv files due to poor connection. 

https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip

Cousera course detail : https://class.coursera.org/getdata-014

Running the run_analysis.R script
=====================================
> run_analysis.R should do the following:
   
>   1)  Merges the training and the test sets to create one data set.
 
>   2)  Extracts only the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement. 
 
>   3)  Uses descriptive activity names to name the activities in the data set
 
>   4)  Appropriately labels the data set with descriptive variable names. 
   
>   5)  From the data set in step 4, creates a second, independent tidy data set with the average
>       of each variable for each activity and each subject.

>     Please upload the tidy data set created in step 5 of the instructions. 

>     Please upload your data set as a txt file created with write.table() using row.name=FALSE 
>     (do not cut and paste a dataset directly into the text box, as this may cause errors 
>     saving your submission).

Repository structure
====================
> -directory /project_data, contains all files needed for evaluation by run_analysis.R

> -README.md, this file.

> -codebook.md, contains the description of variables produced by run_analysis.R

> -run_analysis.R, is the R script that produces the tidyData.txt file 

> -tidyData.txt, is the file generated by run_analysis.R, which contains the reshaped data set processed from /project_data

Running the run_analysis.R script
===============================

> Repository found : https://github.com/AbelDebela/GettingandCleaningDataCourseProject/edit/master/README.md


